In a surprising reversal, a Wisconsin board has voted to again offer insurance coverage to transgender state employees seeking hormone therapy and gender confirmation surgery.
令人惊讶的是，威斯康星州的一个董事会投票决定再次为寻求激素治疗和性别确认手术的变性国家雇员提供保险。

Members of the Group Insurance Board, which manages the insurance program for Wisconsin's public workers and retirees, last week voted 5-4 to overturn its current policy barring treatments and procedures "related to gender reassignment or sexual transformation."
管理威斯康星州公务员和退休人员保险计划的团体保险委员会的成员上周以5比4投票推翻了目前的政策，即“与性别改变或性别转变有关”的禁止治疗和程序。

The change will take effect Jan. 1, allowing insurance to defray the cost of care deemed medically necessary.
这一改变将于1月1日生效，允许保险支付被认为是必要的医疗费用。

"This was an empowering moment, offering up hope things can get better," Wren Logan, a trans woman and psychiatry resident at UW Health, who fought the policy, wrote in an email.
“这是一个赋权的时刻，给了人们希望事情会变得更好的希望，”反对这项政策的uw Health的变性女性和精神病学居民Wren Logan在一封电子邮件中写道。

The board's decision comes less than a month after NPR and Kaiser Health News ran a story about another 24-year-old trans woman, Wren Vetens, who fought to get her gender confirmation surgery covered after the Group Insurance Board's initial decision left her without insurance coverage. That story was part of the Bill of the Month series.
在董事会做出这一决定之前不到一个月，《npr》和《凯泽健康新闻》报道了一个关于另一位24岁变性女性Wren Vetens的报道，她在团体保险委员会的最初决定使她没有保险保障后，努力争取接受性别确认手术。那个故事是本月系列的一部分。

Restrictions had been in place barring trans patients from obtaining coverage since February 2017. This reversed an earlier decision, made two years ago, when the board opted to pay for such expenses for the first time.
自2017年2月以来，已经出台了一些限制措施，禁止变性患者获得医疗保险。这推翻了两年前的一项决定，当时董事会首次选择支付此类费用。

This was shortly after the Obama administration unveiled a rule in May 2016 prohibiting discrimination based on gender identity, and the board was advised that refusing to cover certain treatments for trans patients could run afoul of that rule. Members voted unanimously in July 2016 for the change.
这是在2016年5月奥巴马政府公布了一项禁止基于性别认同的歧视的规定之后不久，董事会被告知，拒绝为变性患者提供某些治疗可能与该规定相抵触。2016年7月，议员们一致投票赞成这一改变。

State officials soon began pressuring the board to not cover these services, despite the Obama administration's directive. About the same time, Wisconsin's justice department joined a lawsuit challenging the anti-discrimination rule.
尽管奥巴马政府下达了指令，但各州官员很快就开始向董事会施压，要求他们不要提供这些服务。大约在同一时间，威斯康星州的司法部加入了一项诉讼，挑战反歧视规则。

The board voted to reinstate the restrictive policy should a handful of conditions be met — one of which was a court decision to halt the rule. By coincidence, that ruling came the following day. A month later, in February 2017, the restrictions took effect once more.
董事会投票决定，如果一些条件得到满足，将恢复限制性政策，其中之一是法院决定终止该规定。巧合的是，这一裁决是在第二天作出的。一个月后，即2017年2月，这些限制再次生效。

Bill Of The Month: A Plan For Affordable Gender-Confirmation Surgery Goes Awry
本月的法案：一项负担得起的性别确认手术计划出了问题。
SHOTS - HEALTH NEWS
健康新闻
Bill Of The Month: A Plan For Affordable Gender-Confirmation Surgery Goes Awry
本月的法案：一项负担得起的性别确认手术计划出了问题。
Shifting Federal Policies Threaten Health Coverage For Trans Americans 
改变联邦政策威胁到跨州美国人的医疗保险
SHOTS - HEALTH NEWS
健康新闻
Shifting Federal Policies Threaten Health Coverage For Trans Americans
改变联邦政策威胁到跨州美国人的医疗保险
In a recent memo to the board, a state health policy adviser noted the "legal landscape" had changed, broadening protections for the transgender community. Last month, a federal judge ordered Wisconsin to pay for gender confirmation surgery for two individuals on Medicaid, who sought coverage to treat their gender dysphoria.
在最近发给委员会的一份备忘录中，一位州卫生政策顾问指出，“法律格局”已经改变，扩大了对变性群体的保护。上个月，一名联邦法官命令威斯康星州为两名接受医疗补助的人支付性别确认手术的费用，他们寻求医疗保险来治疗他们的性别焦虑。

Gender dysphoria is the diagnosis for those with "significant distress" due to the difference between their gender and sex, according to the American Psychiatric Association.
根据美国心理学协会的说法，性别障碍是对那些由于性别和性别差异而有“严重痛苦”的人的诊断。

In another case, two transgender women employed by the University of Wisconsin and covered by the state insurance program have sued the Group Insurance Board and the university's board of regents, among others, accusing them of discrimination based on their inability to get coverage for gender confirmation surgery. The case is scheduled to go to trial in October, before the same judge who ruled in favor of the patients on Medicaid.
在另一起案件中，两名被威斯康星大学雇用并受国家保险计划保障的变性妇女起诉了团体保险委员会和大学摄政委员会等，指控他们因无法获得性别确认手术的保险而受到歧视。该案定于10月份开庭审理，由同一法官作出有利于医疗补助患者的裁决。

Officials from the University of Wisconsin — as well as UnitedHealthcare, which is opening a Medicare Advantage program for Wisconsin's public employees and retirees — have also raised concerns about the policy.
威斯康星大学的官员们，以及为威斯康星州的公共雇员和退休人员开设医疗保险优惠计划的联合医疗保健也对这项政策表示了担忧。

The decision comes amid speculation that the Trump administration will soon unveil a new rule formally overturning the Obama-era anti-discrimination rule.
在做出这一决定之际，外界猜测特朗普政府将很快出台一项新规定，正式推翻奥巴马时代的反歧视规定。

Kaiser Health News is a nonprofit news service covering health issues. It is an editorially independent program of the Kaiser Family Foundation that is not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.凯泽健康新闻是一个非盈利的新闻服务报道健康问题。这是一个独立编辑的节目凯泽家庭基金会，不隶属于凯泽永久。
